Update select-types-of-rules-to-create.md (#5710)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/select-types-of-rules-to-create.md

| **15 Enabled:Invalidate EAs on Reboot** | When the Intelligent Security Graph option (14) is used, WDAC sets an extended file attribute that indicates that the file was authorized to run. This option will cause WDAC to periodically re-validate the reputation for files that were authorized by the ISG.| 
| **16 Enabled:Update Policy No Reboot** | Use this option to allow future WDAC policy updates to apply without requiring a system reboot. |
| **17 Enabled:Allow Supplemental Policies** | Use this option on a base policy to allow supplemental policies to expand it. |

> | **18 Disabled:Runtime FilePath Rule Protection** | Disable default FilePath rule protection (apps and executables allowed based on file path rules must come from a file path that’s only writable by administrator) for the path pecified in the FilePathRule parameter of the New-CIPolicyRule cmdlet. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **18 Disabled:Runtime FilePath Rule Protection** | Disable default FilePath rule protection (apps and executables allowed based on file path rules must come from a file path that’s only writable by an administrator) for the path specified in the FilePathRule parameter of the New-CIPolicyRule cmdlet. |
```
